March 6

I haven't managed to come quite as far along with my project as I had hoped.
The problems with making the LWJGL library work the way that it's supposed to proved to be a significant setback.
However, with some help from Mr Schreiber, I believe that that error has been resolved.
Unfortunately, I am now faced with two more problems.
First off, although there don't seem to be any problems in the actual code itself, the game still won't run.
When the main method is called, it loads up a lengthy error message that doesn't point to any specific lines of code.
After looking through the message, I believe that this error was caused by the fact that I'm using the wrong type of image as a game map.
I had previously thought I could just use a black box as a placeholder map, but it seems to require a specific type of image created with the TiledMap program.
Attempting to fix the classpath errors took up too much time, and so now I don't have enough time to become acquainted with the TiledMap program before the March 6 deliverable due date.
However, I said that my deliverable would be a basic, skeleton program meant for making and testing mechanics and features.
What I have been able to make technically fits that description; it's a bare-bones prototype that I'm going to build the game off of.
It just has a few bugs that need to be ironed out in order to get it to fully work.

Unfortunately, my second problem will likely prove more frustrating than the first.
When I call the program's main method on one of the school computers, it gives an error message saying that the game can't be loaded; one completely different then the one it gives on my home computer.
A quick Google search says that the most likely explanation is graphic driver incompatibility.
This could mean that I won't be able to do any game testing at school.

However, other than that, I believe that once I start using the TiledMap program, things should go smoothly.
If that is all that it takes to fix the new error, then I should be back on schedule by next week.